README.md, before:

# Data Imputer API in Python 

## Currently Supported Strategies:
- Mean
- Median

## Usage:
#### Read from csv file:
```python
from imputerApi import ImputerApi
# Create instance of class
imm_api = ImputerApi(path_to_file="data.csv",strategy='mean', headers=True)
# Print data in console
imm_api.print_table(imm_api.data)
# Transform data by replacing missing values with mean and selecting only columns Age and Salary with indexes 1 and 2
replaced_data = imm_api.transform(column_indexes=[1, 2])
# Print repalced data in console
imm_api.print_table(replaced_data)
# Write new data to csv file
imm_api.dump_data_to_csv('datanew_mean.csv', replaced_data,use_header_from_data=True, override=True)
```
#### Read from a Two Dimensional Matrix (Python List):
```python
from imputerApi import ImputerApi
matrix_2d = [
    ['Country', 'Age', 'Salary', 'Purchased'],
    ['France', 44, 72000, 'No'],
    ['Spain', 27, 48000, 'Yes'],
    ['Germany', 30, 54000, 'No'],
    ['Spain', 38, 61000, 'No'],
    ['Germany', 40, '', 'Yes'],
    ['France', 35, 58000, 'Yes'],
    ['Spain', '', 52000, 'No'],
    ['France', 48, 79000, 'Yes'],
    ['Germany', 50, 83000, 'No'],
    ['France', 37, 67000, 'Yes']
]
# Create instance of class
imm_api = ImputerApi(matrix_2D=matrix_2d, strategy='median', headers=True)
# Print data in console
imm_api.print_table(imm_api.data)
# Transform data by replacing missing values with mean and selecting only columns Age and Salary
replaced_data = imm_api.transform(columns_by_header_name=["Age","Salary"])
# Print repalced data in console
imm_api.print_table(replaced_data)
# Write new data to csv file
imm_api.dump_data_to_csv('datanew_median.csv', replaced_data,use_header_from_data=True,override=True)
```

Commit message:

added new strategy most frequent

README.md, after:

# Data Imputer API in Python

Check out the [Wiki](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imputation_(statistics)>) here.

## Currently Supported Strategies:

- Mean
- Median
- Most-Frequent

## Usage:

#### Read from csv file:

```python
from imputerApi import ImputerApi
# Create instance of class
imm_api = ImputerApi(path_to_file="data.csv",strategy='mean', headers=True)
# Print data in console
imm_api.print_table(imm_api.data)
# Transform data by replacing missing values with mean
# and selecting only columns Age and Salary with indexes 1 and 2
replaced_data = imm_api.transform(column_indexes=[1, 2])
# Print repalced data in console
imm_api.print_table(replaced_data)
# Write new data to csv file
imm_api.dump_data_to_csv('datanew_mean.csv', replaced_data,use_header_from_data=True, override=True)
```

#### Read from a Two Dimensional Matrix (Python List):

```python
from imputerApi import ImputerApi
matrix_2d = [
    ['Country', 'Age', 'Salary', 'Purchased'],
    ['France', 44, 72000, 'No'],
    ['Spain', 27, 48000, 'Yes'],
    ['Germany', 30, 54000, 'No'],
    ['Spain', 38, 61000, 'No'],
    ['Germany', 40, '', 'Yes'],
    ['France', 35, 58000, 'Yes'],
    ['Spain', '', 52000, 'No'],
    ['France', 48, 79000, 'Yes'],
    ['Germany', 50, 83000, 'No'],
    ['France', 37, 67000, 'Yes']
]
# Create instance of class
imm_api = ImputerApi(matrix_2D=matrix_2d, strategy='median', headers=True)
# Print data in console
imm_api.print_table(imm_api.data)
# Transform data by replacing missing values with median
# and selecting only columns Age and Salary
replaced_data = imm_api.transform(columns_by_header_name=["Age","Salary"])
# Print repalced data in console
imm_api.print_table(replaced_data)
# Write new data to csv file
imm_api.dump_data_to_csv('datanew_median.csv', replaced_data,use_header_from_data=True,override=True)
# Create instance with strategy most-frequent
imm_api_most_freq = ImputerApi(path_to_file='datanew_median.csv',strategy="most-frequent",headers=True)
imm_api_most_freq.print_table(imm_api_most_freq.data)
# Transform data by replacing missing values with most-frequent
# and selecting only column Purchased
replaced_data = imm_api_most_freq.transform(columns_by_header_name=["Purchased"])
imm_api_most_freq.print_table(replaced_data)
# Write new table to csv file
imm_api_most_freq.dump_data_to_csv('datanew_most_frequent.csv', replaced_data,
                         use_header_from_data=True, override=True)
```
